This distribution contains:

                 MulticoreBSP for C, version 2.0.3
         (a port of the original Java-based MulticoreBSP)

Distributed under the GNU LGPL-- see lgpl.txt

Apart from the core library, this distribution contains tests, examples, and
micro-benchmarking utilities. A list of which files are where follows:
	-core library:     ./ (root software distribution directory)
	-tests:            ./tests (to run them, issue `make tests')
	-examples:         ./examples (to build, issue `cd examples; make')
	-micro-benchmarks: ./benchmarks (to run, issue `cd benchmarks; make')
	-compilation and deployment utilities: ./tools

Contents of other directories:
	./accelerators : plug-in codes for running MulticoreBSP on supported
                         accelerators.
	./doxygen      : used for generating code documentation, e.g., via
                         `cd doxygen; make'.

To create the library, issue `make'. For more advanced compilation options,
issue `make help'. For more information on the build environment, or to
configure the build environment, edit `include.mk'. If that file does not
exist, first issue `make include.mk'. To reset the build environment, simply
delete the include.mk file.
The default attempts to use the GNU Compiler Collection for compilation, and
targets a Linux platform. Alternative presets for the Intel C++ Compiler and
LLVM Clang are available, as are presets for cross-compilation onto Windows.
The library should compile for Macintosh/Apple OS X, but has been tested on
Linux platforms only.
The Makefile generates the following directories:
	./include : the public header files for MulticoreBSP development
	./lib     : the library binaries
	./tools   : the MulticoreBSP for C bspcc, bspcxx, and bsprun utilities

To ensure optimal performance of MulticoreBSP-enabled software, the deployment
architecture may require a custom `machine.info' file to override incompatible
MulticoreBSP defaults. Refer to the `changelog.txt' file for details, or issue
`make machine.info' to be guided by an interactive command-line utility in
generating an appropriate machine.info file for your machine.

                                   Warning
==============================================================================
Notable architectures incompatible with the MulticoreBSP defaults include any
Intel platform with hyperthreading enabled; issues only arise when using fewer
than all hardware threads supported by the architecture, however.
==============================================================================

Currently tested configurations:
	-64-bit Linux, Intel Sandy Bridge & Ivy Bridge:
	 GCC 5.3.0, GCC 4.8.4, Clang 3.7.1, Clang 3.4
	-64-bit OS X 10.9.5, Intel Haswell
	 GCC 7.3.0, GCC 5.5.0, GCC 4.9.2, Clang 4.0.1, Clang 3.4.2
	-64-bit Linux, Intel Kaby Lake:
	 GCC 7.3.1, Clang 5.0.1
         DMTCP 2.5.2 (checkpoint support), MPICH 3.2.1 (benchmarks)

A list of changes is maintained in the `changelog.txt' file.

All code is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL),
version 3. See the file `lgpl.txt' for details. This software has the 
following formal copyright holders:
	-Albert-Jan N. Yzelman (2006-2007),
	-Utrecht University (2007-2011), 
	-KU Leuven (2011-2015),
	-Huawei Technologies (2015-2018).

